Xiaojie
Sister Meng
Even if you divorce me
I will definitely prove to you
Shen Guiying is your biological mother
Daughter, are you alright?
Mom, I'm sorry.
It's my daughter's fault
Wronged you
Don't worry, I will never doubt you in the future.
I won't let you suffer any grievances.
Now I am the legitimate old lady of the Zhang family
As long as you kill Shen Guiying
No one cares about my good deeds anymore
Damn dumb, don't waste your time
I'll tell you what.
This warehouse
Abandoned
Except for the old lady
No one even knows you're here
What do you want?
Just know to gesticulate
Why is your life so hard?
Look at the wound on your face
I was beaten like this by the old lady
It's all buried in the ground, why are you still okay?
How dare you come back and frame the old lady?
It almost killed a few of us
I'll tell you what.
Today we will teach me a good lesson